hey guys it's mature I got another video
for you guys I got a surprise video for
you guys and I think you guys are gonna
like and you guys been wanting to see
for a while so you know I've been trying
to get this new face mask I want it for
football right yeah well here's the
thing
here is my face mask off the ribose bead
I bought it you know sts-2 be dlw I
think or LV somewhere around there but
there it is and here it is guys my new
speed bots face mask I know it's not my
school color it's supposed to be white
I'm gonna be sending it into green
gridiron comm sometime this week to get
it repainted and everything but this
face mask is sick I got it from XJ dog X
look him up he is a beast I love that
kid he is awesome as no homo but
this face mask is sick as I think
it's called the STG SW SP face mask it's
pretty good I like it a lot it's very
light it is very close to my face which
I like a lot I can see very well through
it even with these bars right here in my
way still pretty good the things I
really like about this face mask that
this base mesh does not have is the
peripheral vision where I can see clear
back here I mean I can see it but this
bar right here gets in the way sometimes
and how this right here is more open and
how there's this extra bar right here I
like that a lot and there's just a
single bar across the no bar right here
so that's pretty good I like that a lot
too actually I think the face this face
mask is a lot lighter than this one this
face mask is pretty damn heavy and
yeah as you can tell the face mask is
red instead of ye I'm from Pocatello
which is in Idaho and my school colors
are navy blue and white no right
you can see that my friend iooks j-dog
s39 is from a different city from me he
lives within 20 miles of my radius so he
decided to drive down today and give
this to me and his school colors are red
and black so yeah pretty good I like
this face mask a lot we'll get back to
you when I get this face mask
reconditioned and painted as you can
tell it's very very dinged up and
scratched up and shed as you can tell
great all over the place over there yeah
so I will get back to you guys please
comment rate subscribe sorry for
procrastinating about this for so damn
long finally got the face mask ask any
questions and I will answer you guys so
thanks for watching this is my new robot
face mask hope you guys liked it see you
guys bye